the AI Gold Rush is here the depth of
Google and smartphones has arrived
vertical AI agents are about to start
replacing the entire teams the world as
we know it it's about to change forever
just consider the rate of change and new
models and techniques it's clear that we
haven't hit the scaling wall every few
months things just keep getting
progressively better but I don't want
you to get left behind so I'm going to
break down the biggest opportunities
that you can capitalize on and get rich
during this 2025 AI Revolution even if
you're starting from zero now before you
can start making money you need to
figure out what Niche you're going to
Target with your AI Services if you
already have your Niche you can skip
this step the best way to pick a niche
is to start with what you know what do
you like what are you passionate about
if you pick something that you're not
that passionate about you're not going
to put in the time and energy in
addition to that you want to look up the
other companies in that vertical that
you're passionate about look at their
stock price look specifically for their
market cap the larger their market cap
hopefully well into the billions if not
10 tens of billions or hundreds of
billions the bigger of the opportunity
it is and although I said pick a niche
you want to pick a subset of that market
and eventually you want to expand to
that larger market which opens up more
Revenue generation opportunity for you
think about your skill sets are you
great at video production design
creating content math science what are
you genuinely interested in or excited
about if you go into area that's boring
you will burn out and you won't put in
the time and effort that's needed to be
successful but the key is to not go too
broad if you go after everyone it's hard
to make money because it's too time
intensive and too costly to do that it
doesn't mean that you can't eventually
go after everyone but at the beginning
you want to start with the niche and
then expand a lot of people make the
mistake of thinking about like Facebook
or Amazon and how they work for everyone
but if you go back remember that
Facebook was originally for IV League
University students and Amazon
originally only sold books okay now
we've got a niche we can go through the
five biggest opportunities for making
money with AI this year starting with AI
agents AI agents agents are emerging as
agents are the thing everyone is talking
about more AI agents opportunity for
agents is gigantic think of it this way
if chat GPT Gemini Gro Etc are like the
brain the AI agents are like the body
that can actually go and do things on
their own for example here's an agent
that can match resumés to job posts and
apply to jobs automatically there are
hundreds and thousands of businesses
that are looking to use AI agents this
year and you can build them even with no
existing coding or Tech expertise you
can go to websites like crew ai.com and
start building AI agents that can
execute specific tasks for businesses in
your target Niche things like sales
marketing analytics or even Finance with
sales AI agents they help you do things
like analyze the score of a lead by
looking at things like interactions
engagements or even patterns this way
your team knows what leads to prioritize
and which leads to ignore the last thing
you want to do is pay sales reps to talk
to leads that won't ever convert into
customers and when it comes to marketing
everyone knows that personalized
experiences convert better with
marketing driven AI agents they can help
you personalize the copy the content
that you're showing to each individual
which will cause you to convert more of
those visitors or followers into leads
and customers you can appeal to
different audience segments which will
help improve your conversion rates as
well with analytics AI agents can help
pinpoint the right kind of traffic
that's generating the best revenue for
you just because one customer buys from
and another buys from you it doesn't
mean they're equal the first customer
may come back 10 times and continually
buy from you while the second customer
may only buy once from you you ideally
want the right customers that keep
buying from you over and over again AA
agents can help you find them by telling
you where to focus your marketing
efforts when it comes to finance AI
agents can tell you the lifetime value
of your customers and your campaigns it
can even show you which campaigns create
the highest lifetime value in which
campaigns aren't profitable so that way
you can stop the bleeding and Focus not
just on Revenue growth but profitability
the second high potential opportunity
I'd recommend to make money with AI is
translation services the world is
increasing become globalized the most
successful businesses and brands are
international they're not us they're not
Australian they're not Chinese or not
Indian you think Tesla Coca-Cola Nike
these are all examples of global Brands
a great example that everyone can relate
to is Mr Beast his channel is in
different languages Apple's website is
also in different languages even our own
website NP digital is in multiple
languages because that helps us make
more Revenue there's more people
overseas than there are in the United
States the US may have the highest GDP
but if you combine the rest of the world
there's more money than if you just
focus on the United States this is
really high potential because most
people don't know anything about other
languages they just know about the
languages that they speak in and that's
it the opportunity is huge the way I
would consider doing it whether it's
with your website blog social media
content or even videos you can use 11
labs and they can translate and
transcribe all of your content and audio
into different languages for you and all
these other businesses want it so you
can start doing it for them as well my
third idea to get rich on AI this year
is AI podcast Services the global
podcast Market is projected to grow from
36.2 billion in 2024 to 47.83 billion in
2025 at a compounded annual growth rate
of
31.8% and it's projected to reach
134.4 billion by 2029 there are two
specific ways to leverage AI to offer
podcast Services you can turn people's
blog articles and newsletters into
podcasts by cloning the person's voice
and then feeding the written content
into text to voice software you can even
earn bonus cash for doing the person's
publishing and marketing for them the
second thing you can do with podcasting
AI is you can take people's long form
Clips upload them into Opus Ai and get
short form clips that you can upload for
social media here's the key key take
that long form clip and upload it
multiple times you'll then get a lot of
recommendations for short form clips and
that way you can pick and choose the
best ones and that since you're
combining AI with your skills and your
knowledge opportunity number four for
getting rich with AI in 2025 is AI data
visualization beautiful images that help
people understand complex data for
example there's these things called
infographics infographics take up all
this complex data and helps people
understand in a visual for example the
meaning of colors in that infographic
you can explain what each color
represents what it means how it impacts
conversions what type of Brands and
Industry should use different types of
colors this all helps people understand
complex things in easy to understand
ways the reason companies are willing to
pay for this is a these kind of pieces
of content go viral on the internet B
they generate a lot of backlinks which
helps companies rank higher on Google
and C when people understand complex
information they're much more likely to
convert into a customer so it's
increasing conversion rates as well the
way you can end up doing this through AI
is you can take all the data sets you
have put it into a Picto chart and it
can help you create beautiful
infographics through AI the fifth big AI
money-making opportunity this year is AI
website building and honestly it's like
stealing candy from a baby it's so easy
even though businesses could easily
create a website themselves like through
10 web. they either don't know it exists
or they're too lazy to do it themselves
you can Target newly formed llc's who
aren't going to care about having a
super elaborate website and we'll just
want something that works and looks
decent now with this idea there's going
to be a lot of competition so it's
important that you get good enough to be
better than 99% of the people out there
the way you get really good at this is
to try to create a lot of websites
yourself when you go through the
step-by-step tutorial on 10 web. you'll
find that certain prompts give better
outputs certain prompts give terrible
outputs when you try it more than a
handful of times like if you spend 3 4
hours on it eventually you'll get good
where you'll know what prompts and what
to put in to give people the output and
website that they're looking for you can
also earn bonus cash if you provide SEO
optimization and blog content for their
website people will pay for this it
costs a lot of money to advertise in
Google so why wouldn't companies want
that traffic without spending a dollar
on ads and for you keep in mind that
it's easier to get an existing customer
to pay you more than it is to find a new
customer now obviously the most
important part of all these AI business
models is actually getting customers
when I was in high school what I would
do is I would run right home after
school I would get home around 3:00 I
would go on Google and call all the
people that were spending money on ads
and I would hit them up and offer them
Services majority of them would say no
but then I started telling people if you
like what I produce pay me if not don't
pay me and once I built up enough of a
base of case studies I was then aable to
go to people and showcase the results
that I produced and then charge people
instead of offering them free work and
only getting paid if they liked it if I
could do this when I was 16 years old
anyone can for example you can go to
Crunch base and see all the new founded
companies and hit them up and offer
services these companies just raise
money when someone raises money their
investors expect faster growth so if you
can just go to them and offer to do the
work for them they're more likely to pay
you than try to do it on their own
because the thing that they value the
most is time there's so many channels
you have tons of opportunities but if I
were starting from one I would Target
the recently funded companies on crunch
base because they have no choice but to
spend the money fast to cause more
growth if this helped you think
differently about the future marketing
check out my video on how to dominate
against AI competition in 2025